Homework 1 
##########

:date: 2013-02-23
:summary: Harry Potter: Scientist
:tags: rationality, fiction

The following is a selection from a Harry Potter fanfiction ("Harry Potter and
the Methods of Rationality"), by Eliezer Yudkowsky.  The full story (which is
not yet complete), can be found at:
http://www.fanfiction.net/s/5782108/6/Harry-Potter-and-the-Methods-of-Rationality.  


The premise of this story is that Harry Potter's awful Aunt Petunia was not
actually so bad, and rather than marrying Vernon Dursley, she actually married
an Oxford professor of chemistry named Michael Verres.  The two of them adopted
Harry after his parents' death, and raised him lovingly the way any scientists
would -- surrounded by books and chemistry sets.  So the Harry of this world is
a scientific prodigy, who learns on his 11th birthday that he is also a Wizard. 

How would you, suddenly confronted with the possibility of a magical world,
react?  How would you verify that magic was actually happening, and not some
simple trick?  This selection, from Chapter 6, describes Harry's first purchase
in Diagon Alley, and Professor McGonagal's bemusement at his perplexity.
Chapters 1 and 2 at the above link are also very entertaining (later chapters
are also very interesting, but the story is quite dark, and many people don't
care for the degree to which some of the characters are changed).

(A side comment: This selection is considered to be in the public domain, as it
is a spoof of  a literary work.  JK Rowling, the author of the Harry Potter
books, has granted permission for fanfiction works to be published, so long as
no one charges for them)

2. Notes:

3. Instructions:


